Makera PR: Reduce PWM period in software spindle speed PWM (#334)
Carvera-Community/Carvera_Community_Firmware: version.txt

- Enhancement: Added improved PID Spindle control that increases performance of carvera C1 spindles. Setup requires following the guide on the documentation page
- Fixed: Prevent incorrect current line reporting after a tool change
- Lint: conformed all error messages to the format ERROR: <message> for easier hooks in the controller

> - Changed: reduce PWM period in software spindle speed pwm. Change from Makera

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed: Increased Software based PWM frequency from 50hz to 100hz. Backported from Makera firmware.
```
